Update valueAnnotation.adoc (#8219)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-core: src/main/docs/guide/config/valueAnnotation.adoc

snippet::io.micronaut.docs.config.value.EngineImpl[tags="imports,class",indent=0,title="@Value Example"]

> <1> The `@Value` annotation accepts a string that can have embedded placeholder values (the default value can be provided by specifying a value after the colon `:` character). Also try to avoid to set the member visibility to `private`, since this requires micronaut to use reflections. Prefer to use `protected`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The `@Value` annotation accepts a string that can have embedded placeholder values (the default value can be provided by specifying a value after the colon `:` character). Also try to avoid setting the member visibility to `private`, since this requires Micronaut Framework to use reflection. Prefer to use `protected`.
```
